[Music]
all righty how about a game of truth or
dare all right first off truth what's
the longest you've ever worn the same
pair of underwear on consecutive days
put it down in the comments please okay
if you pick dare then I dare you to give
this video a thumbs up if you've ever
broken any of these laundry rules let
the games begin
number one jeans ripped distressed
classic acid wash with a mullet to top
it off almost everybody has jeans they
wear on a regular basis if you're
wondering when the best time is to throw
that denim in the wash the answer would
be after three where's if you're a fan
of skinny jeans you'll need to wash them
more often since they rub up against
your skin all day hey I know you shower
and stay up on your hygiene but your
skin has natural oils and sweat and they
get your clothes dirty if you're worried
about your jeans fading in the wash then
make sure to launder them inside out in
cold water
skip the dryer if you can number two
shirts how about your favorite old band
t-shirt that probably should have been
tossed a few years ago but man it's just
so full of memories yeah wash it after
every where if you're worried about
fading try a colorfast detergent to keep
your colors bright it's the same for
camisole
tanks and tube tops we're at just once
and then it goes in the laundry this
will help cut down on odors especially
if you live in a hot environment or
sweat more than normal again it's those
items that are touching your skin all
day number three workout clothes okay
this might seem like a no-brainer but
just in case there's anybody out there
who's like well I don't work out every
day or very hard so maybe I don't need
to wash my exercise clothes after each
time well forget about it wash them
every single time even if that means
they only get laundered once a month hey
I'm taking baby steps into my exercise
regimen give me some time
number four swimwear bathing suits and
trunks should be washed immediately
after each where you see a pattern here
looks like we all just need to do
laundry more often actually the reason
for that is chlorine it breaks down the
fabric and elasticity in your swimwear
so even if you can't get to the washer
right away make sure to rinse your
bathing suit or trunks in cold water an
elastic mishap could spell disaster at
your next pool party and you know what I
mean
number five pajamas you can get away
with not washing your PJs for a while
every three to four wear should be fine
if you shower at night before bed you
may even get a few more wears out of
your pajamas since you're not doing much
activity while you're dozing not unless
you tend to sweat a lot as you sleep in
that case well you know what to do
number six skirts and pants if we're
talking bottoms made from a thick fabric
like tweed you can wash it after five or
so wears cotton skirts and pants however
need to be cleaned after three obviously
I'm not talking about if you spill
something on your pants like coffee or
spaghetti sauce in that case you should
wash that article of clothing as soon as
you can preferably the same day and you
know there are all kinds of stain
treatment sprays and pens out there on
the market number seven hose believe it
or not pantyhose need to be washed after
every where again it's because of the
bacteria from the skin that can collect
there if you get a run in your hose
don't throw them out they can be used to
buff shoes organize a drawer or suitcase
store onions or garlic or slip over your
head to hide your identity for the next
bank robbery okay maybe not that last
one number eight leggings and tights
leggings and tights should be washed and
dried after each wear since they tend to
stretch out in certain parts the elastic
in these items can relax after a day of
wear so you might notice the area around
the knees sticking out or the ankles
feeling loose
the same goes for yoga pants too number
eight dresses just like with skirts and
pants it'll often depend on the fabric
of the dress cotton dresses should be
washed after everywhere but dresses that
need to be dry-cleaned can safely go two
times before you take them in that is if
it didn't make you sweat too much the
first time around number 10
suits with a few exceptions suits
shouldn't need dry-cleaning for at least
four where's the exceptions would be if
you found yourself in a smoky
environment hey I like to dress up for
backyard barbecues or the typical
culprit lots of sweat in that case it'd
be best to dryclean it at least after
every other where as for dress shirts if
you wear a tank or tee under yours you
may be able to get two or three wears
out of them unless you spill something
on them if it's hot and you're sweating
though dress shirts should be laundered
every day along with your t-shirts you
wouldn't want to be the source of that
weird smell at your next business
meeting now would you I'm pretty sure
it's Bob but don't say anything
number 11 winter gear winter coats don't
need to be washed very often every two
months is a good rule of thumb unless
like suits you're exposed to smog or
other smelly environments as for scarves
gloves and hats they do a pretty good
job at keeping your skin warm but that
also means more bacterial growth you
don't have to wash them after every use
of course but three to five times in the
season should be enough number twelve
outerwear sweaters and hoodies can be
worn for a week before they need a wash
since they're not directly up against
your body also during cooler weather
when you're likely to be donning this
sort of light outerwear you're not
sweating nearly as much as you do in the
summer
jackets should be washed after five to
six wears well it's not against your
skin directly the odors and bacteria
still slowly seep through your clothes
and permeate the fabric denim jackets
like jeans can be washed with cold water
and vinegar
to preserve their vibrant color number
13 underwear hmm after every single wear
please no excuses
departure underwear covers our breeding
grounds for bacteria so wear your undies
only once folks and you can't turn them
inside out either the bacteria is still
there now if you use shapewear you're
laundering schedule will often depend on
the season or how much you sweat so that
means you might have to wash it after as
little as one wear or up to three just
don't push it
that fabric hugs your skin number 14
bras bras are a different story so I
hear now I'm told a bra can last two or
three wears before it needs to be washed
you may want to give your bra a day
between wears to let the elastic settle
back into its original shape after
washing it lay it down on a clean towel
to air dry never hang it up by one strap
it'll stretch that one out more number
socks listen I'm just as guilty as using
the old sniff test to decide when it's
finally time to wash something but I
never use it for my socks come on your
feet are swarming in sweat dead skin and
bacteria yes I'm told I'm in there too
ill wash your socks after each use
period number 16 shoes now shoes only
need to be walked if they're dirty or
smelling if they're only dirty on the
outside you should be able to clean them
with a damp washcloth and avoid the
washing machine altogether if you have a
pair of shoes they can't be put in the
washer then just grab a disinfectant
spray yeah like the ones they use at the
bowling alley
number 17 bathroom fabrics bath towels
can go three to five uses before they
need a good washing but if your towel
starts smelling
kind of funny before then go ahead and
throw it in the washer hand towels
however need to be laundered every two
to three days because of the amount of
use they get bath mats can go two to
three weeks without a wash
but still don't forget about it entirely
they can host all kinds of mildew in
bacteria and I don't think you want to
be stepping on that after a nice clean
shower
number 18 bed linen bed sheets and
pillowcases should be washed every two
weeks or more often if you're a pretty
heavy night sweater remember that you
shed dead skin while you sleep and you
know what loves to munch on that the
dust mites in your bed okay good luck
falling asleep tonight hey pillows
should be washed twice a year or every
three months if you're a drooler hmm
dead skin drool boy is that a great name
for a band or what well I know I've been
breaking most of these rules my whole
life if you didn't know about at least
one of them then you owe me alike hey I
didn't forget and challenge your friends
by sharing this video but hey wait a
second before you go burn your bed don't
forget that we have over two thousand
cool videos for you to check out just
click on this left or right video and
enjoy and you know what to do
stay on the bright side of life